added in 2036 a civil war between
pro-russian insurgents and local
resistances in ukraine leads the u.s to
deploy peacekeeping forces
during an operation a team of united
states marines and gumps
robotic soldiers are ambushed disobeying
an order
drone pilot first lieutenant harp
deploys a hellfire missile in a drone
strike against a suspected enemy
launcher
killing two marines but saving 38. as
punishment
harp is sent to camp nathaniel the u.s
base of operations in ukraine where he
is assigned to captain leo
a highly advanced and experimental
android super soldier masquerading as a
human officer
harp and leo set out on a mission to
prevent terrorist viktor koval from
gaining control of a network of cold war
era nuclear missile silos
under the cover of delivering vaccines
to a refugee camp
on the way they respond to a reported
attack on a friendly aid truck
resulting in a standoff between the
marines and armed locals
after a gump shoots a local who threw a
rock at the gump captain leo negotiates
a peaceful solution by giving the locals
the contents of the aid truck
however pro-russian insurgents ambush
the locals and marines
leading to a firefight this forces leo
and harp to travel to the refugee camp
on foot
while the marines remain behind to
engage the insurgents
after arriving at the refugee compound
leo and harp are shot at by an insurgent
who kills some civilians leo tortures
the insurgent for information
before leaving him to be killed by the
gathered mob
leo and harp meet their contact sofia a
resistance leader
sophia leads them to an arms dealer who
knows the location of a bank vault
containing nuclear launch codes that
koval
is looking for harp and leo travel to
the bank
and are met by koval's forces which
include gumps
while harp helps rescue civilians caught
in a crossfire between u.s and russian
gumps
leo retrieves the codes but cannot find
koval
a drone strike called in by eckhart
destroys the bank and several buildings
leading the military command to believe
both kovald and leo destroyed
harp reunites with leo who tells him
that he has his own plans for the codes
and has been manipulating harp into
helping him evade the eye of military
command
he knocks out harp and leaves him on the
side of the road where he is picked up
by sofia's men
leo meets with koval to give him the
codes but kills him when koval refuses
to give leo access to a nuclear missile
silo
harp informs sofia and his commander of
leo's actions
and they realize leo is planning to
launch the nuclear missiles at the
united states
in order to prevent them from fighting
more wars in the future
harp volunteers to infiltrate the silo
and finds leo has taken over
he disables leo but not before leo
initiates the launch of a missile
explaining that his goal was for the
android super soldier program to end in
failure
harp escapes as the silo is destroyed by
a drone strike before the missile can
launch
destroying leo harp returns to camp
nathaniel and receives praise from his
commander
who informs him he is going home harp
then leaves the base
you